Hahahaha
Brother, I'm afraid you won't have a chance to get married.
Asa
What are you doing?
local tyrant
Can't you see?
Am I rebelling?
Are you crazy?
That's right, crazy
If I don't seal it, I have no chance at all
Since you don't give me the crown prince
Then I'll get it myself
You wicked
Where do you live?
Take it off for me
Your Majesty, the Praetorian Guard can't come
Oops life
Why are you doing this?
Why else?
General Lin will follow you
I can only be your due north general Gu Changming
And with me, you can be the general's beast
Your Majesty, you go first on this
I'll stop them
None of you are leaving today
Not a single one
Four you disrupted my wedding today
I am very unhappy
Fourth brother knows that you have the means to hurt people through the air
But I don't believe there is a person in front of me
Can you still hurt me?
Father Emperor
Haven't you always wanted to see children's little inventions?
Son God will try it for you today.